# SIG Framework

The Framework Special Interest Group (SIG) is an open space to discuss the
enhancements proposed by the community that aim to improve the Backstage
framework.

## Scope

Framework SIG covers all aspects of the systems and components related to the
Backstage core framework. This includes the frontend system, backend system, and
build tooling. In addition, the Software Catalog and the System Entity Model are
also covered by this SIG, due to their central role in Backstage.

## Meetings

SIG Framework (biweekly), at 16.00 hours on Tuesdays (4 pm) Europe/Stockholm
time
[(convert to your time zone)](https://dateful.com/convert/stockholm-sweden?t=16).

- [Video Meeting Link](https://meet.google.com/gge-nvsb-dxa)
- [Meeting Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q6wavWvX6byPlO2q7KjD7CvGzZknHWQrqk8Q9il2T3I) -
  Suggest topics for the next meeting here
- See the
  [Backstage Community sessions](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=Y19xdXA5Z2JobjlzcXB1YW82dHJ0dGQ4bWs1c0Bncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t)
  Google Calendar for upcoming meetings.

### Facilitators

The Framework SIG meetings are facilitated by a member of the Backstage
maintainers team. Members of the Backstage community may also be appointed as
facilitators for individual meetings.

### Content

Any member of the Backstage community can bring a topic to the SIG Framework
meeting. To do so, please add your name and the topic to the
[meeting notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q6wavWvX6byPlO2q7KjD7CvGzZknHWQrqk8Q9il2T3I).
There is also an opportunity to add topics during the meeting itself. The
discussion for each topic is time-boxed with a time check every 5 minutes to
decide whether to extend the discussion or move on to the next topic.

After all topics have been discussed, and if there is time left, the meeting
moves on to discuss open Pull Request (PR) in the Backstage repository. This is
an opportunity for members of the community to ask questions about their PRs and
get feedback from the maintainers. To suggest a PR for discussion, please add it
to the
[meeting notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q6wavWvX6byPlO2q7KjD7CvGzZknHWQrqk8Q9il2T3I).
The suggested PRs are not necessarily discussed in order, but are selected based
on who is present in the meeting. If there are no suggested PRs for discussion,
one is selected from the list of open PRs in the Backstage repository.

## Contact

- Discord
  - [#frontend-system](https://discord.com/channels/687207715902193673/1101159492298743808)
  - [#backend-system](https://discord.com/channels/687207715902193673/1034089724664610938)
  - [#catalog](https://discord.com/channels/687207715902193673/923144214580191282)
- GitHub Team:
  [@backstage/maintainers](https://github.com/orgs/backstage/teams/maintainers)
